# Lord of the Rings Themed Adventure

This game was created to emulate an adventure games utilizing the command prompt or terminal.

This implementation of the assignment choose to go for a Lord of the Rings theme for the adventure game.

## Running the program

The game can simply be run by executing the main.sh file:
```shell
./main.sh
```

For best performance, a terminal of atleast **120** character columns is recommended. (Just allow the terminal to be fullscreen if possible). Otherwise, atleast **81** character columns will suffice for the majority of the ASCII art displays.

If, for some reason, the ASCII art is giving issues, they can be disabled easily by add the 'no_ascii_art' parameter to the main.sh execution:
```shell
./main.sh no_ascii_art
```

## Configurations

Many options for this program are defined within the [config.conf](./config.conf) file. Other attributes are likewise configured within the [map.conf](./main.sh) and the [nav.conf](./nav.conf) files respectively.

## Notes and Credits
1. The [main.sh](./main.sh) file was designed completely and entirely by me, Tristan Scott, with not a single character being supplied via AI utilities or online resources unless explicitly stated within the source code via an ajacent comment.

1. All fantacy styled text was auto generated by ChatGPT. If it seems to be to fantastical or creative in its writing, it is most definately AI generated. (I am terrible at anything to do with world building).

1. The initial splash screen provided at the welcome screen preceeding the game itself was created by Blazej Kozlowski. The file can be found here [splash](./art/splash.dat)

1. ASCII art that displays a styleized name for the current land inhabited by the player was automatically generated utilizing an online [ASCII generator](https://patorjk.com/software/taag).

1. All map layouts, including the full map display, were created by me, Tristan Scott, without the aid of any additional third party tools.

1. All other files, *.config files, and *.dat files were created by me unless otherwise specified.

> Honestly, I think I spent way more time on this project than I needed, but I am happy with what I have produced. There are a few details I would have liked to have ironed out before submitting, but for the most part, I am satisfied with this program.

## Addendum

1. This is the second iteration of this terminal-based text game. This version includes additional features such as colored text and other text transforms, the removal of the CTRL+C interrupt, along with smaller, irrelevant details.